before this fo the uvicorn and gunicorn :[FastAPI_Session.mp4](https://epam-my.sharepoint.com/personal/vijay_dabur_epam_com/_layouts/15/stream.aspx?id=%2Fpersonal%2Fvijay%5Fdabur%5Fepam%5Fcom%2FDocuments%2FPython%20RD%20Training%2FRD%20Recordings%2FFastAPI%5FSession%2Emp4&nav=eyJyZWZlcnJhbEluZm8iOnsicmVmZXJyYWxBcHAiOiJPbmVEcml2ZUZvckJ1c2luZXNzIiwicmVmZXJyYWxBcHBQbGF0Zm9ybSI6IldlYiIsInJlZmVycmFsTW9kZSI6InZpZXciLCJyZWZlcnJhbFZpZXciOiJNeUZpbGVzTGlua0NvcHkifX0&ga=1&referrer=StreamWebApp%2EWeb&referrerScenario=AddressBarCopied%2Eview%2Ec0bfe15b%2D336c%2D418b%2Db680%2Df4bd2842b684) 

## 1 Dependency injection 
You don't give the function what it depends on. You pass it as a param in that and *fastapi handles it for us*. Instead of a function or class creating its dependencies, you **“inject” them from the outside**.  You **declare it as a parameter** in your endpoint or another dependency.
and how does it helps ? 
- **Decouple code**: Functions don’t need to know how to create their dependencies.
- **Reusability**: The same dependency can be used in multiple places.


using the **Depends()** keyword. 


```python
from fastapi import FastAPI, Depends

app = FastAPI()

def get_token():
    return "my-secret-token"
    
@app.get("/items/")
async def read_items(token: str = Depends(get_token)):
    return {"token_used": token}
```

this type of syntax can also handle the nested dependencies: 
usecase : 
1. db sessions passing 
2. auth verification
3. many more...


## Code Structure - by ashish 

Take all the routes to the 
app/ 
	api/
	routers/ -> for all the resource the routers will be here ? 
		- main.py/ has app import the router here if the quantity of the routers is not too many. 
		- if too many resources to be routed manually in the main file. 
			- use the __init__.py file to have the route router for the family of resources. 
		- use the router = APIRouter(prefix="/path") to apply the router to the app in the main.
	schemas/ -> all of the pydantic schemas shall be in the schemas folder. 
	common/  -> place all the common shit here that is required in the application. 
			settings.py -> common file that has all the required settings. 
			


> Notes : 
> 1. dependencies should never go from the inside to the outside. 
> 2. It should always be from the inside out. 


---
#### Possible system : 
**microservice architecture:**

backend 	-> auth + messagin + comment
backend/post    -> post operations + comment 
frontend 	-> service will be here
db 		-> 
redis 		-> 
GitHub actions :  CI pipeline must be setted up : 

---

my plan for now : 

backend 
frontend 
db 
redis 

