Introduced in the docker v18 ++ 
Default builder in the docker build command: 

-> Apart from the tradional docker uses, use the *docker BuildKit* 
-> It has completly new backend working than tradional docker file systems. 
-> does not require docker engine rather uses something entirely else. 
-> best utilisation using the k8. clusters and swarms tools. 
-> fully compatible with traditional dockerfile syntax and features. 
Build thingys in parallel. 
-> cache friendly. 
-> multiarch aware 
-> Future proof. (tf?!) 

To enable this you can use the 
```
DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1 docker build .
```

In the building command: 

How? : 
1. *Parallel Build Execution* : - Analyzes dependencies between steps dependencies manager, Runs independent steps **in parallel** , Skips unused stages automatically. 
	eg. If you have multiple `COPY` or `RUN` commands that don’t depend on each other, BuildKit executes them concurrently, reducing build time significantly.

2. Better caching Mechnism : - idk how? 
3. Normally Docker sends the entire project directory to the daemon. send only required files. reduces data transfer overload. 
4. Multistage builds are also optimised : target building for eg. buiding only the production image is also possible. eg. docker build --target production . 
5. smaller, cleaner, efficient, faster, less storage build with buildkit. 

| Area          | Without BuildKit   | With BuildKit                  |
| ------------- | ------------------ | ------------------------------ |
| Speed         | Sequential builds  | Parallel builds                |
| Caching       | Basic              | Advanced content-based caching |
| Secrets       | Unsafe workarounds | Secure mount support           |
| Multi-arch    | Complex            | Native support                 |
| CI/CD         | Slower             | Distributed cache support      |
| Build context | Entire directory   | Minimal required files         |

* steps in buildkit: 
1. create a dependencies graph. convert your dockerfile into a DAG. dependency chanin must be maintained and not broken. if broken everything after this command reruns and recomputes. 
2. Cache detection phase